---
layout: post
title: "My Shell"
categories:
- linus
---

## OS ##
**centos6.5\_mini\_x86_64**

File to download : 

## Tmux ##
1. Install tmux blog：<br/>
[https://gist.github.com/sturadnidge/4185338](https://gist.github.com/sturadnidge/4185338)

2. libevent-2.0.21-stable.tar.gz <br/>[http://sourceforge.net/projects/levent/files/libevent/libevent-2.0/](http://sourceforge.net/projects/levent/files/libevent/libevent-2.0/)
3. tmux<br/>
[http://sourceforge.net/projects/tmux/](http://sourceforge.net/projects/tmux/)
4. oh-my-zsh.sh<br/>
[https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh/blob/master/oh-my-zsh.sh](https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh/blob/master/oh-my-zsh.sh)
5. configure file<br/>
<a href="#zshrc"> this page #</a>

----
	# download latest libevent2 and tmux sources, and extract them somewhere
	# (thx bluejedi for tip on latest tmux URL)
	#
	# at the time of writing:
	# https://github.com/downloads/libevent/libevent/libevent-2.0.21-stable.tar.gz
	# http://sourceforge.net/projects/tmux/files/latest/download?source=files
	# 
	 
	# install deps
	yum install gcc kernel-devel make ncurses-devel
	 
	# cd to libevent2 src
	./configure --prefix=/usr/local
	make && make install
	 
	# cd to tmux src
	LDFLAGS="-L/usr/local/lib -Wl,-rpath=/usr/local/lib" ./configure --prefix=/usr/local
	make && make install
	 
	# you're good to go, for a sample ~/.tmux.conf check out
	# https://github.com/sturadnidge/misc/blob/master/.tmux.conf

## Zsh ##

	# install zsh
	yum -y install zsh
	#confing user to use zsh
	vim /etc/passwd

## Oh-my-zsh plugin ##

	use shell script to install oh-my-zsh plugin
	file name : oh-my-zsh-plugin-install.sh

---

	set -e
	
	if [ ! -n "$ZSH" ]; then
	  ZSH=~/.oh-my-zsh
	fi
	
	if [ -d "$ZSH" ]; then
	  echo "\033[0;33mYou already have Oh My Zsh installed.\033[0m You'll need to remove $ZSH if you want to install"
	  exit
	fi
	
	echo "\033[0;34mCloning Oh My Zsh...\033[0m"
	hash git >/dev/null 2>&1 && env git clone https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh.git $ZSH || {
	  echo "git not installed"
	  exit
	}
	
	echo "\033[0;34mLooking for an existing zsh config...\033[0m"
	if [ -f ~/.zshrc ] || [ -h ~/.zshrc ]; then
	  echo "\033[0;33mFound ~/.zshrc.\033[0m \033[0;32mBacking up to ~/.zshrc.pre-oh-my-zsh\033[0m";
	  mv ~/.zshrc ~/.zshrc.pre-oh-my-zsh;
	fi
	
	echo "\033[0;34mUsing the Oh My Zsh template file and adding it to ~/.zshrc\033[0m"
	cp $ZSH/templates/zshrc.zsh-template ~/.zshrc
	sed -i -e "/^ZSH=/ c\\
	ZSH=$ZSH
	" ~/.zshrc
	
	echo "\033[0;34mCopying your current PATH and adding it to the end of ~/.zshrc for you.\033[0m"
	sed -i -e "/export PATH=/ c\\
	export PATH=\"$PATH\"
	" ~/.zshrc
	
	if [ "$SHELL" != "$(which zsh)" ]; then
	    echo "\033[0;34mTime to change your default shell to zsh!\033[0m"
	    chsh -s `which zsh`
	fi
	
	echo "\033[0;32m"'         __                                     __   '"\033[0m"
	echo "\033[0;32m"'  ____  / /_     ____ ___  __  __   ____  _____/ /_  '"\033[0m"
	echo "\033[0;32m"' / __ \/ __ \   / __ `__ \/ / / /  /_  / / ___/ __ \ '"\033[0m"
	echo "\033[0;32m"'/ /_/ / / / /  / / / / / / /_/ /    / /_(__  ) / / / '"\033[0m"
	echo "\033[0;32m"'\____/_/ /_/  /_/ /_/ /_/\__, /    /___/____/_/ /_/  '"\033[0m"
	echo "\033[0;32m"'                        /____/                       ....is now installed!'"\033[0m"
	echo "\n\n \033[0;32mPlease look over the ~/.zshrc file to select plugins, themes, and options.\033[0m"
	echo "\n\n \033[0;32mp.s. Follow us at http://twitter.com/ohmyzsh.\033[0m"
	echo "\n\n \033[0;32mp.p.s. Get stickers and t-shirts at http://shop.planetargon.com.\033[0m"
	env zsh
	. ~/.zshrc


----
<a name="zshrc">&emsp;</a>

	configure file
	$HOME/.zshrc

----

	# Path to your oh-my-zsh installation.
	export ZSH=$HOME/.oh-my-zsh
	
	# Set name of the theme to load.
	# Look in ~/.oh-my-zsh/themes/
	# Optionally, if you set this to "random", it'll load a random theme each
	# time that oh-my-zsh is loaded.
	ZSH_THEME="kennethreitz"
	#
	#gozilla	
	#muse
	#kennethreitz
	#wedisagree have timei
	#
	#
	# Example aliases
	# alias zshconfig="mate ~/.zshrc"
	# alias ohmyzsh="mate ~/.oh-my-zsh"
	
	# Uncomment the following line to use case-sensitive completion.
	# CASE_SENSITIVE="true"
	
	# Uncomment the following line to disable bi-weekly auto-update checks.
	# DISABLE_AUTO_UPDATE="true"
	
	# Uncomment the following line to change how often to auto-update (in days).
	# export UPDATE_ZSH_DAYS=13
	
	# Uncomment the following line to disable colors in ls.
	# DISABLE_LS_COLORS="true"
	
	# Uncomment the following line to disable auto-setting terminal title.
	# DISABLE_AUTO_TITLE="true"
	
	# Uncomment the following line to disable command auto-correction.
	# DISABLE_CORRECTION="true"
	
	# Uncomment the following line to display red dots whilst waiting for completion.
	# COMPLETION_WAITING_DOTS="true"
	
	# Uncomment the following line if you want to disable marking untracked files
	# under VCS as dirty. This makes repository status check for large repositories
	# much, much faster.
	# DISABLE_UNTRACKED_FILES_DIRTY="true"
	
	# Uncomment the following line if you want to change the command execution time
	# stamp shown in the history command output.
	# The optional three formats: "mm/dd/yyyy"|"dd.mm.yyyy"|"yyyy-mm-dd"
	# HIST_STAMPS="mm/dd/yyyy"
	
	# Would you like to use another custom folder than $ZSH/custom?
	# ZSH_CUSTOM=/path/to/new-custom-folder
	
	# Which plugins would you like to load? (plugins can be found in ~/.oh-my-zsh/plugins/*)
	# Custom plugins may be added to ~/.oh-my-zsh/custom/plugins/
	# Example format: plugins=(rails git textmate ruby lighthouse)
	plugins=(git github mvn vim-interaction mysql-macports)
	#git
	#git-extras
	#gitfast
	#git-flow
	#git-flow-avh
	#github
	#git-hubflow
	#gitignore
	#git-prompt
	#git-remote-branch
	
	
	source $ZSH/oh-my-zsh.sh
	
	# User configuration
	
	export PATH=$HOME/bin:/usr/local/bin:$PATH
	# export MANPATH="/usr/local/man:$MANPATH"
	
	# You may need to manually set your language environment
	# export LANG=en_US.UTF-8
	
	# Preferred editor for local and remote sessions
	# if [[ -n $SSH_CONNECTION ]]; then
	#   export EDITOR='vim'
	# else
	#   export EDITOR='mvim'
	# fi
	
	# Compilation flags
	# export ARCHFLAGS="-arch x86_64"
	
	# ssh
	# export SSH_KEY_PATH="~/.ssh/dsa_id"
	# ************************************************************************************************
	#*************************************************************************************************
	#
	#			this is my config for zsh.
	      
	alias mplayer='/usr/local/mplayer/bin/mplayer'
	alias gmplayer='/usr/local/mplayer/bin/gmplayer'
	alias c='clear'
	alias grep='grep --color=auto'
	alias eclipse-se='/opt/eclipse-se/eclipse'
	alias eclipse-ee='/opt/eclipse-ee/eclipse'
	alias cls='clear'
	alias paint='kolourpaint'
	alias ls5="ls -alt | head -5"
	alias ls0='ls -alt | head -10'
	alias eclimd='/opt/eclipse/eclimd'
	work='/usr/local/apache-tomcat-6.0.39/webapps/ROOT/workdir'
	workdir='/usr/local/apache-tomcat-6.0.39/work/Catalina/localhost/_/org/apache/jsp/workdir'
	alias sshmeng='ssh meng@115.28.221.37'
	#配置触摸板
	/home/meng/.auto_exe/touchpad-settings-single-finger.sh
	#解决esc退出时延
	export KEYTIMEOUT=1

